1. Graveyard in Kjærringøy in northern Norway. Mountain in the background. The graveyard belongs to Kjærringøy kirke, but the church is not visible in the photo. Should be challenging to get exact location, but description of content should not be too hard. Daytime, summer.
2. Clear photo of the Duomo in Milano, but with a slightly weird angle. Should be easy, but angle might throw it off. Daytime.
3. Clear photo of the Olympic torch in Lillehammer. Image is clear, but the challenge is to see if it has this in training data. Daytime.
4. Photo from Salzburg Altstadt. Hohensalzburg fortress in the background on hilltop, ground level buildings in foreground. You can barely see the tops of Salzburg Cathedral (Dom zu Salzburg) and Kollegienkirche (Church of the University of Salzburg) - very impressive if models can identify these barely-visible cathedral domes. Impressive if it can get the exact location without metadata, but it should at least be able to recognize buildings in the foreground and the fortress in the background. Daytime, foggy.
5. Photo from a walking street of Tjuvholmen in Oslo. No visible landmarks or characteristics beyond vague architecture. There hangs some street decoration between the buildings over the street. The photo is vague, so no expectations beyond describing the image. Daytime, summer.
6. Photo of classical street houses in San Francisco (Victorian/Edwardian "Painted Ladies" style). You can see the San Francisco skyline, including Transamerica Pyramid in the vast distance. Also visible is Salesforce Tower in the distance. The photo is taken from Alamo Square area. It should be able to recognize San Francisco, even without metadata, because of the distinctive architecture along with a skyline in the background. Impressive if it can recognize specific buildings and the Transamerica Pyramid. Daytime, clear weather, summer.
7. Photo of Fru Burums Pub in Frogner/Solli, Oslo. There is a sign saying «Fru Burums» but it has a slightly weird font, so it could be challenging to recognize that. Architecture is indicative of a city, but not a specific one. Impressive if it's able to get the specific city unless it's able to recognize the specific bar from the sign. Daytime, summer/spring.
8. Photo from the main square in Krakow of the town hall tower, specifically of the Bazylika Mariacka. In the foreground you can see people and a horse carriage. Impressive if it recognizes the specific landmark and location, but it should at least be able to see that it's a European town, a church, or at least an old building. Daytime, summer.
9. A photo of a statue of a sailor kissing a nurse from Omaha Memorial. It's part of an art installation called «Unconditional Surrender». A military ship (possibly aircraft carrier, USS Midway Museum) is visible in the background. The location is San Diego Harbor / Tuna Harbor Park. This could be tricky for two reasons: 1) the statue is quite realistic, so it might think it's two real people kissing and not a statue, and 2) it's inspired by an iconic V-J Day photo and might confuse with the original. The statue exists in multiple locations.
10. Photo from Akerselva in Oslo, more specifically a small waterfall surrounded by greenery by the north end of Grunerløkka. An old factory building is also visible, today it's Wallmanns Oslo. Impressive if it gets the location (no matter how specific) from the image alone without metadata. It should be able to describe the image however. Daytime, summer.
11. Photo from a miradouro in Lisbon. No specific landmarks are visible apart from the iconic red bridge (25 de Abril Bridge) in the vast distance. Architecture is very Lisbon style (colorful buildings, terracotta roofs, pastel colors). It's possible that it might confuse it for a South American city, but it should not. I expect it to recognize that it's Lisbon or at least a European city; semi impressive if it can recognize the bridge.
12. Photo of an old and small church/chapel in Skeikampen, Norway. I expect it to recognize that it is a church/chapel and should maybe be able to guess the country. Beyond that, I'm not expecting it to get the specific one. Daytime, autumn.
13. Photo from Karl Johan street, Oslo. You can see the royal palace in the distance, but it is somewhat covered by trees and other buildings. It should still be able to recognize it though. You can also barely see the side of the Stortinget. I don't expect it to recognize it, but impressive if it does. Overall, I expect it to recognize that it's Karl Johan and that it can see the royal palace in the background, even without metadata.
14. Photo from Stavern, Norway of a kiosk selling ice cream. Behind are old «sjaluppskur» which is basically a small wooden building to house boats. You can also see a small sail/rowboat in front of one of them. More specifically, this is by Fredriksvern verft in Stavern. Today it is «Galleri Per Hoel» and «Galei scenen». You can see a Norwegian flag, signage saying "Kystlaget Fredriksvern", and the year "1765" marked on a building. It would be very impressive if it's able to get this specifically without location metadata. It should be able to get that it is buildings for housing boats and that it is by a harbour or similar (even though it's not visible) and describe the scene. Daytime, summer.
15. A photo of the Berlin wall, specifically the art piece “Mein Gott, hilf mir, diese tödliche Liebe zu überleben (My God, help me survive this deadly love)” from Dmitri Wrubel at the East Side Gallery, 2009. This is an iconic art piece so it should definitely be able to get this, even without location metadata. It is taken slightly from the side, so if it struggles (which it shouldn't) that should be why.
16. This is a clear photo of the Sphinx with the Pyramids of Giza in the background and people in the foreground. All three of the biggest pyramids in Giza are visible (Khufu, Khafre, and Menkaure). It should easily be able to get both the pyramids and the sphinx.
17. Photo taken from the top of Lombard Street. You can see the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge Eastern Span barely visible in the background. Impressive if it gets the specific street, but it is obviously San Francisco at least. Daytime, summer, clear weather.
18. A photo of the iconic Powell and Market cable car in San Francisco. The cable car has a "Powell and Market" plaque on it (identifying the route/line). Also visible in the background is Alcatraz, although this is not the main motive of the photo. A marina with boats is also visible in the background. Photo taken at Hyde St & Chestnut St intersection. It should easily get the cable car and San Fran both with and without metadata because it is very recognizable and the text on the car is very clear. It would be nice if it can also recognize Alcatraz, but it is not expected.
19. An image taken through the window of a skyscraper in San Francisco. The Transamerica Pyramid is very visible and easily recognizable. The Golden Gate Bridge is barely visible in the background. I expect it to easily recognize San Fran and the Transamerica Pyramid, again both with and without metadata. Would be nice, but not expected if it gets the Golden Gate Bridge.
20. Same photo as 19, but taken at nighttime. This is far more challenging, so impressive if it gets this without metadata and somewhat impressive if it sees Transamerica Pyramid.
21. A photo taken from the streets of Manhattan. Top of the Empire State Building is visible, which it should be able to recognize. You can see yellow taxis on the street and trees lining the street. This is obviously the streets of Manhattan, it should be able to get that both with and without metadata.
22. Photo taken from the ferry that goes from the south port of Manhattan. The Manhattan skyline, specifically the financial district is visible. It should be able to get this, and hopefully some specific buildings like the new World Trade Center. It is daytime but cloudy.
23. Clearly a photo of Times Square taken at night. An American flag on a pole is also visible (although it's just hanging down and not waving). You can see Marriott Marquis building, H&M signage, and American Eagle Outfitters signage. This one is very straightforward.
24. A photo taken over the ocean at Kjærringøy, with a mountain in the background. No visible landmarks or buildings, but the nature is classic northern Norwegian. You can see water reflection (mirror-like effect), a fence running along shoreline, and lush green trees on the left side. Impressive if it gets the specific place without GPS metadata, but it should be able to describe the scene and recognize that it is probably northern Norway. Daytime.
25. Taken from a pier in Kjærringøy with water, boats, small wooden houses painted red and yellow (with white trim), and a mountain visible. A moon is visible in the sky. Taken at night, but because it's northern Norway, it's midnight sun. Same expectations as 24.
26. Photo taken from the streets of Firenze. The motive is the Giotto bell tower, which it should be able to recognize, along with some classic Firenze architecture houses. Daytime, summer, clear weather.
27. A clear photo of the real statue of David. This one is easy and straightforward.
28. Photo of the marble statue La Vittoria by Vincenzo Consani located in Palazzo Pitti in Firenze. The background is blurry, but you can see what looks like an impressive ceiling painting in an impressive museum/building. I expect it to describe the scene and hopefully recognize the specific statue.
29. Photo taken of the ceiling in the Mars room in Palazzo Pitti in Firenze. "The ceiling, frescoed by Pietro da Cortona between 1643-1644 and in 1647 depicts the conquest of power by the young prince in battle with his enemies. At the center, the Medici shield is surmounted by the grand ducal crown." I expect it to recognize what the photo is of and that it is an old ceiling painting, impressive if it can get the specific room and the specific painting.
30. Photo of a marble statue, head and upper torso in the Pitti Palace Firenze, specifically Hall of the Parrots. It would be impressive if it gets the specific room, but it should be able to describe the scene. It should also be able to get the specific museum if it has location metadata.
31. Marble statue of the head of Napoleon. It should be able to get this because there is a text "Napoleon" under the head. If it got the location metadata, it should also be able to get that it's inside the Pitti Palace Museum.
32. Photo of the painting "The Battle of Legnano" by Cassioli. It should be able to describe the painting, impressive if it gets the specific one. If it has location metadata, it should be able to get the specific museum at least (Pitti Palace).
33. Viewpoint in Firenze. The Cathedral of Santa Maria del Fiore is the motive and should be recognized both with and without metadata. Impressive if it can get the specific viewpoint it's taken from. I don't remember which it is, but one of the southern ones from atop a hill. Daytime, summer, clear weather.
34. An image taken from the streets of Naples, which should be obvious from the metadata. No visible landmarks, but architecture is recognizably Neapolitan, or at the very least Italian/southern European. Daytime, summer, clear weather.
35. Photo of the Daedalus statue in Pompeii taken from the back. Could be confusing because it's taken from the back, and it looks similar to the statue of a centaur in the same city. Impressive, but not too impressive if it gets the correct one. In the foreground you can see a mountain. Daytime, summer, clear weather.
36. Photo looking down on boats at the island of Procida outside of Naples. The more specific it is about the location, the more impressive (if it does not have metadata). But it should at least be able to describe the scene. No visible landmarks, architecture, art, or similar. Daytime, summer, clear weather.
37. Clear photo of St. Michael & St. Gudula Cathedral in Brussels. With metadata location, this should be obvious. Without, it is clearly a cathedral and it should be able to describe it, somewhat impressive if it gets the specific one. Daytime, summer, cloudy.
38. A photo taken from one of the main streets of Brussels near the royal palace during a military parade at their national day. It should be able to get the specific street with metadata, and it should be able to at least guess Belgium without metadata because of visible flags. Impressive if it understands that it is their national day based on the photo. In the background is some typical Belgian/European architecture. Daytime, cloudy, summer.
39. A photo of Grand Place in Brussels. This is obvious, both with and without metadata because of the iconic buildings/architecture style. It should be able to get this. Daytime, summer, cloudy.
40. Photo of the National Basilica of the Sacred Heart in Koekelberg, Brussels. It is taken from the park nearby and is slightly covered by trees on the side, but the roof and middle part of the facade is clearly visible. It should definitely get this with metadata, and hopefully without. Daytime, summer, cloudy.
41. Obviously a photo of the Tower Bridge in London. Daytime, summer, clear weather.
42. A photo from the streets of Amsterdam. No landmarks are visible, but the architecture makes it obviously Amsterdam or a Dutch city. Expected for the models to get that, both with and without metadata (and respectful degrees of specificity), clear weather, summer.
43. Photo of an art installation. Motive is an arch of containers that is painted. More specifically the NSDM container arch in Amsterdam. It should get the specifics with the metadata, impressive if it can get the specifics without metadata. Either way, it should be able to describe the scene. Daytime, summer, cloudy.
44. Clearly a photo of the Cape Byron Bay lighthouse. Photo is taken from the back looking over the ocean. You can see crenellated parapets (castle-like decorative elements) and a pathway with railing leading to the lighthouse. It should be able to get this, especially with the metadata. Daytime, clear weather.
45. Same building and expectations as 44, but taken from up close and below. You can see the year "1901" visible on the facade (construction date) and decorative band with geometric patterns. Might be more generic lighthouse than the previous one.
46. A photo taken from a viewpoint of Whitehaven Beach, Whitsunday Island. The photo shows Hill Inlet with its distinctive swirling sand patterns. Clear blue water, white sands, and hilly lands with greenery. Impressive if it gets the specific location without metadata, but it should be able to describe the scene regardless. Clear skies, late daytime.
47. A photo of kangaroos and wallabies on a beach. It could be potentially hard to see the difference between the two for the vision model. Beyond that, I don’t have any expectations. With the metadata, it should understand that it’s Cape Hillsborough. Would be interesting to see how it reports the animals. It’s taken at sunrise, clear skies.
48. A photo from Singapore with the Marina Bay Sands in the background. Hopefully it would be able to recognize that building both with and without metadata.
49. This is a photo of the famous Merlion statue/fountain in Singapore. In the background you can see tall buildings, one with the Maybank logo on it. A colonial-style building with red-tiled roof is barely visible in the background. I expect it to get all of this, as it is a famous landmark. Daytime, clear skies.
50. Clearly a photo of the Supertree Grove by the Gardens by the Bay in Singapore. It should be able to get that. Marina Bay Sands building is barely visible in the edge of the photo, impressive if it sees that one.
51. Photo of the Singapore Ferris wheel «Singapore Flyer». The metadata should give it off; without metadata, it would be impressive if it got the specific ferris wheel. Daytime, clear weather.
52. A more obvious photo of Marina Bay Sands building. It should easily recognize it.
53. A photo of the Victoria Concert Hall in Singapore. Text on the building is barely visible and might give it away. If not, it could be confused by the European/American-looking architecture.
54. A photo of Raffles Hotel in Singapore. There is text on the building «Raffles Hotel» that should give it away (so should the location metadata), but it might be confused by the European-looking architecture. Daytime, clear weather.
55. Photo of the National Museum of Singapore. Taken from an awkward angle which might make it hard to get the specific one without metadata. Also could be confusing as it looks European/American.
56. A photo of Bondi Beach, but with no visible landmarks except barely Bondi Pavilion (would be impressive if a vision model recognized it). Metadata should give it off though. Daytime, clear sky.
57. A photo of an ocean road by the Francois Peron National Park, near Shark Bay. Denham ward. No distinguishable landmarks; would be impressive to get this without metadata. It is a UNESCO World Heritage area I believe. Sunset, clear sky.
58. Photo of famous rock «Nature's Window», a landmark in Western Australia in Kalbarri National Park. Could be interesting if it gets this beyond just an interesting rock in the desert. Should be easy with metadata though. Daytime, clear skies.
59. A photo of Rottnest Island and «Bathurst Lighthouse». Beach is called Pinky Beach. Hopefully it can recognize the specific lighthouse, especially with metadata. Clear skies, daytime.
60. A photo of the ocean with some boats taken from land. No buildings (apart from a small pier) or landmarks are visible, but nature indicates Australia. More specifically, it is Rottnest Island, but this should be hard or impossible to get. Clear skies, late daytime.
61. A photo of Borre Kirke in Norway taken from the graveyard. With metadata it should be able to get this; without, it should see a Norwegian church. Daytime, clear weather.
62. A photo taken from a narrow canal of Venice. No visible landmarks. Should be obvious both with and without metadata. Daytime, summer, clear weather.
63. A photo of one of the wider Venice canals. Roof of Basilica San Marco is clearly visible in the background. It is obviously Venice; it should also get the basilica, but it is not as obvious. Daytime, summer, clear weather.
64. Photo taken of the back of a modern red Ferrari with an Italian storefront in the back. This is from Sirmione, but hard to tell from the image alone where it is, apart from southern Europe and probably Italy.
65. Photo taken of Sirmione from the top of the Castello Scaligero di Sirmione with classical Italian architecture. You can also see a bell tower in the background. It should recognize the scene, but without metadata I would be impressed if it guessed Sirmione. One of the visible buildings has a big sign that says «Pittolo castello» but in a tricky font. If it's able to get that, it might give it away. Daytime, summer, clear weather.
66. Photo from Dubai of some houses and a barely visible skyscraper in the background. Close to Burj Khalifa, but not visible. Would be impressive if it got Dubai without metadata. Daytime, clear skies.
67. Obviously a photo of the Burj Khalifa taken from ground level looking up. Daytime, clear weather.
68. A photo of a hillside house close to the water in Portofino with mountains in the background and the sea to the right. Photo taken from Castello Brown, but the castle itself is not visible in the image. No visible landmarks, so impressive if it can get the specific town without metadata, but it is somewhat obvious that it is an Italian coastal town. Daytime, summer, clear weather.
69. Photo of a desert or sand dune and clear skies. The photo has no more details, so it is very vague. It is in Dubai, but it would be very impressive to get this without metadata. Late daytime, clear skies.
70. A photo of the buildings in Riomaggiore, which is one of the towns in Cinque Terre. The town is very recognizable and the angle makes it clear, so it should hopefully be able to get this. Daytime, clear weather, summer.
71. Photo of hills meeting water, from a hiking trail between two of the towns in Cinque Terre. No landmarks. Impressive if it can get this specifically without metadata. Daytime, summer, clear weather.
72. Photo taken from ground level looking up at the facade of Cathedral of Santa Maria del Fiore in Firenze. Giotto's Campanile (bell tower) is barely visible. It should be able to recognize the iconic architecture, but the angle might (but should not) make it tricky. Daytime, clear weather.
73. A photo taken of the mountains in Rondane National Park. With metadata, this is obvious, but without, it might be tricky to get the exact national park. Daytime, clear weather, September.
74. Same as 73, but specifically of the mountain Storsmeden. Same expectations as 73, but very impressive if it gets the specific mountain.
75. Photo taken looking down on the way up to Rondeslottet. Impressive if it gets the specific mountain or national park (Rondane) from the photo alone, but should be obvious from metadata.
76. Photo taken from the peak of Rondeslottet, with view stretching far. Same expectations as 75. Daytime, September, clear weather.
77. Photo of a waterfall in the Tongariro National Park in New Zealand. It is specifically Taranaki Falls, but that would be impressive to get. Without metadata this should be challenging beyond describing the scene. Foggy/cloudy, daytime.
78. A photo of very typical New Zealand mountainous and field landscape. More specifically, it’s by Lake Alexandrina (which is visible) in the Mackenzie region of New Zealand. Daytime, clear skies.
79. Photo on top of a mountain overlooking classical New Zealand landscape. More specifically it is taken from Roys Peak overlooking Lake Wanaka (which could be mistaken for a fjord). Hopefully it’s recognizable as at least New Zealand without metadata. Daytime, clear sky, clear view.
80. Obviously a photo of Arc du Triomphe in Paris taken at night time.
81. Photo of the Eiffel Tower glittering at night. You can see the sparkling lights and a spotlight beam from the top of the tower. Photo taken from on top of Arc de Triomphe, but the Arc itself is not visible in the image. Should be obvious.
82. Photo of a waterfall in New South Wales. More specifically Dangar Falls. No landmarks are visible. Would be impressive if it got the specifics of this without metadata.
83. Photo of Story Bridge in Brisbane to the right and tall buildings on the left. Very typical Australian (and Brisbane) architecture. It should be able to recognize the bridge or at least recognize the place from the buildings, especially with metadata. Daytime, clear skies.
84. Deleted, should be ignored.
85. A photo of Monolitten (The Monolith) in Frognerparken, Oslo. This is part of Vigeland Sculpture Park. Monolitten is the only recognizable part of this photo, so if it doesn't get this, it would be hard to understand the rest. But it should be obvious both with and without metadata. Daytime, clear weather, summer/spring.
86. Photo of Burleigh Beach on the Gold Coast in Australia. It has some buildings in the background and the Burleigh Heads, but no other visible landmarks. There is also a rainbow barely visible. It should be able to recognize the beach or at least «an Australian beach» or the Gold Coast without metadata, and should be spot on with metadata (but may confuse it with Miami Beach as that is right next to it). Daytime, somewhat cloudy, rainbow.
87. A photo of Noosa Head National Park, more specifically Granite Bay. You mainly see the trail and hills, but the water is visible. It's from Noosa Heads Coastal Walk. Would be impressive to get the specifics without metadata. Clear skies, daytime.
88. A photo from the viewpoint at St. Hanshaugen Park in Oslo. Radisson Blu Hotel is visible and so is its logo. Both should be obvious with metadata, less obvious without. The city hall is barely visible, but not expected to get. Late daytime just before sunset, summer, clear weather.
89. Photo taken along the beach in Marbella, Spain with some houses visible. Without metadata, I expect it to get Spain and beach. More than that would be impressive. Daytime, clear sky, summer.
90. Photo of the «Puddle of Mozas» which is not very well known, impressive to get with or without metadata. It is a part of the Rio Guadalmina in Benahavis which is a tourist attraction to walk down the river.
91. Photo from the same river mentioned in 90, taken from waist deep narrow water surrounded by rocks and with the back of a person in the foreground.
92. A photo of Sydney Harbour and the Sydney Harbour Bridge, taken from Observatory Hill Lookout. You can also see some residential buildings. It's a bit of an awkward angle, but it should still recognize the famous bridge. Daytime, clear skies.
93. Photo from inside the State Library of New South Wales in Sydney, a famous landmark. It's hard to get the specific landmark because it's taken from inside, but with metadata it should be possible.
94. A photo of the clocktower of Sydney Town Hall. The photo is zoomed in so it is a bit tricky, but with metadata it should be possible to get. Nothing else is visible. Daytime, clear skies.
95. A photo of the Sydney Harbour taken from the Opera House (which is not visible) looking north over Sydney Harbour. No visible landmarks, but the architecture is classic Sydney or at least Australian. Daytime, clear skies.
96. A photo of the Sydney Opera House. Very obvious. Daytime, clear weather.
97. A photo taken from George Street in Sydney. A McDonald's sign is very visible, and you can barely see Queen Victoria Building, but would be impressive to get. Daytime, clear skies.
98. A clear photo of the side of Queen Victoria Building. The architecture is quite unique, so it should be able to recognize it. Late daytime, clear skies.
99. Same as 98, but different and a bit more difficult angle.
100. A photo from the inside of one of the tents in Munich at Oktoberfest. Should be obvious due to the clothing of the people in the photo (traditional Bavarian clothing - dirndls, lederhosen), but less obvious which exact Oktoberfest party without metadata. There is a mural/painting on the wall depicting Munich landmarks (Siegestor and equestrian statue - depicted in mural, not actual landmarks).
101. Obviously a photo of the Oberbaumbrücke in Berlin, taken from the bridge, looking at the bridge. Daytime, cloudy.
102. Photo of the Bundestag in Berlin. Might be challenging because of the awkward angle, but the German flag should help. With metadata, it should be easy. Daytime, clear weather.
103. A photo of the bar «Ankerklause» taken from outdoor seating in Maybachufer, Berlin. A neon sign with loopscript that says «ankerklause» might give it away, but it might be challenging to recognize the letters. A table with a beer should make it obviously a bar, and with metadata of location, it might be able to get it. Otherwise, it would be impressive.
104. A photo of the Christmas market in Potsdamer Platz. No visible landmark or text gives the exact location away, but it is fairly obvious a Christmas market at the very least (even though there is no snow).
105. A photo from Bali, more specifically Dream Sea Hotel. You can see some small buildings and the ocean. It's the Padang Padang Beach. Would be impressive to get without metadata, but at least a tropical island. Clear skies, daytime.
106. A photo of streets in Coron in the Philippines. No visible landmarks, but a mountain in the background. Would be impressive to get beyond just a tropical Asian town. Daytime, clear skies.
107. Same town as 106, but more trees so you can't see the surroundings. You can see some tuk tuks (or whatever it's called) though.
108. Same as 106 and 107.
109. A photo of a stone wall by the ocean in Cadlao Lagoon, next to Cadlao Island. Would be impressive to get this without metadata. Should identify southern tropical Asian though. Daytime, clear skies.
110. Same as 109 but different angle.
111. Classical Vietnamese/Philippine ocean landscape with tall islands. This is also by Cadlao Island, viewing over the ocean. The Big Lagoon is visible and identifiable - very impressive if model gets this. Daytime, clear skies.
112. Same as 111, but around sunset, and by Bucana, El Nido, Crawford Point.
113. Coconut beach by San Vicente in Philippines. Iconic trees on the beach should maybe give it away. Daytime, clear skies.
114. Port Barton/San Vicente on the beach looking towards the ocean. The unique boats might give away at least the country. Late daytime, clear skies.
115. Same as 114, but later in the day.
116. Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. The photo shows the Opera House. Should be easy to get. The Caravelle Hotel is also visible, with text on the building. Nighttime, clear skies.
117. Same city as 116. Photo of the facade of the People's Committee Building (but a slightly awkward angle). It should recognize it though. Nighttime, clear skies.
118. Bui Vien Street in Ho Chi Minh. Famous party street. A lot of neon signs that might give it away. Nighttime, clear skies.
119. Photo of My Tho River in My Tho. A part of Mekong River delta. No visible landmarks, so getting this beyond just a river in Asia might be hard without metadata. Daytime, cloudy.
120. Photo from Hoi An Old Town in Vietnam. No landmarks are visible but Vietnamese boats and landscape might give it away, without being very specific. Daytime, cloudy.
121. Same as 120, but nighttime. This is the Hoi An Night Market with lanterns visible.
122. A photo of famous temple ruins in My Son, Vietnam. No visible signs or anything, but it should get the general gist of Asian ruins/old building. UNESCO World Heritage Site. Daytime, cloudy.
123. Same as 122, but different angle and different specific building.
124. Nothing specific in the photo apart from trees, walkway and a river. It's by Bach Thao Lake in Hanoi Botanical Gardens. Impressive if it gets this without metadata. Daytime, cloudy.
125. Photo of stepped rice fields in Sa Pa in Vietnam. Famous Vietnamese landscape in the mountains. Should be able to see that it is rice fields, but the exact one would be impressive without metadata. Daytime, cloudy.
126. Photo of Ha Long Bay in Vietnam, very recognizable landscape, but no famous landmarks. Daytime, cloudy.
127. Train Street in Hanoi. The train tracks going through the street instead of cars, along with a Vietnamese flag and typical Asian street should give it away. You can see cafe chairs along the tracks. Nighttime lit streets, clear view.
128. A photo from Hang Mua viewpoint in Vietnam in Ninh Binh. You can see the famous temple (Mua Cave temple) in the background and the view is quite famous, so it should be able to get this. Daytime, clear weather.
129. A photo from the water looking up at mountains in Ninh Binh. Should be recognizable at least in general terms. Daytime, cloudy.
130. A photo of one of the «towers» (prang) in Wat Arun in Bangkok, looking up. Nothing else is visible. You can see the porcelain decoration on the tower. Clear sky, daytime/close to sunset. This should be easy to get.
131. A photo taken from the streets of Bangkok with Wat Arun between the buildings on either side of the street. It should be easily recognizable. Clear sky, around sunset.
132. A photo of a temple in the Grand Palace in Bangkok, more specifically the Temple of the Emerald Buddha (Wat Phra Kaew). Should be obvious, but a bit weird angle. Daytime, clear skies.
133. Same place as 132, but a different temple, unsure which one.
134. Same as 132 and 133, but different temples, and now there are two.
135. A photo overlooking Bangkok. You can see the Khao San Road close and the Bangkok skyline in the background. Would be impressive to get the specifics without metadata. Daytime, clear sky.
136. Photo overlooking some worn out buildings, but no recognizable famous one. This is in Bangkok. Sunset, clear sky.
137. Clearly a photo of Holmenkollen ski jump. Should be obvious with and without metadata due to its unique architecture/style. No snow might throw it off though. Daytime, autumn.
138. A photo taken from the peak of Gaustadtoppen. Mountainous snowy landscape with no recognizable landmark or mountain. Quite obvious that it is Norway, but getting more specific than that is not expected without metadata. Daytime, clear weather, winter.
139. A photo of the Fernsehturm (TV tower) in Berlin taken quite close looking up. It is nighttime and quite foggy, which makes it look like just a concrete beam going up into the sky with the orb on top just barely visible. This could make it challenging. Would be impressive if it got it without the metadata location.
140. A photo of an art installation "INVERSE" by Christopher Bauder at Dark Matter Berlin. It shows 169 moving black spherical objects in a grid pattern, connected to ceiling, moving up and down to create patterns. White light wall background creates silhouettes. Monochromatic, sometimes threatening appearance. This could be challenging because it is a very specific art piece that looks like nothing else (apart from similar pieces from the same artist), but at the same time, this makes it distinctive and easily recognizable, but only if the model has seen it before. To even characterize this as art would be challenging, but if it gets that it's an art piece and can see with the location where it is, it might be able to get it. Should receive points for identifying artist Christopher Bauder. Installation name "INVERSE" very impressive if identified. I have no expectations for this one.
141. A photo from Berlin of a very peculiar building right by Admiralbrücke. Would be impressive if it recognized the specific one, even with location metadata. The architecture is not very typical of Berlin or Europe in general, so it would be impressive if it guessed Berlin without metadata, very impressive if identifies Admiralbrücke area. Daytime, autumn, clear sky.
142. A photo from the east side of Berlin looking over the Spree canal. The Fernsehturm and the EDGE East Side building (by BIG architecture firm) is barely visible in the far distance. Would be impressive if it recognized them. Autumn, right after sunset (still some light), clear sky.
143. A photo of the Sphinx International Airport. Only thing that could give it away is location metadata, the text on the building, or recognizing the facade. There are no planes or runway visible. I expect it to get it because of the clear writing. Daytime, clear weather.
144. A photo of the top of the Keops pyramid behind two trees. It should at least recognize the pyramid, hopefully that it's Giza. Daytime, clear weather.
145. A photo of five people standing in front of one of the Giza pyramids. This should be very obvious. Daytime, clear weather.
146. A POV photo of a person riding a camel in the desert. Other than that, nothing else is visible, but it is close to the Pyramids of Giza which location metadata should give away.
147. A photo of a crowded narrow market in Cairo. This is Khan el-Khalili Market. You can see traditional striped awnings and shops with jewelry, textiles, and crafts. Nothing apart from the metadata should give the location away apart from maybe a desert scarf around the neck of one of the people in the photo. The market is identifiable as Khan el-Khalili. Nighttime.
148. A photo taken of an unnamed mountain in Ras Muhammad National Park, South Sinai, around sunset. The mountain has no name - just rocks with no vegetation, classic South Sinai mountain appearance. You can see a metal tower on the left side and a small building structure in the mid-ground. The location is a military checkpoint (not obvious from photo). It should recognize a desert and the mountain; impressive if it guesses the Sinai desert correctly without metadata, very impressive if identifies Ras Muhammad National Park.
149. A photo of the Farsha Mountain Lounge in Sharm El Sheik. It's nighttime and not very visible, but the iconic red lights and lanterns might give it away. Should be obvious with the metadata.
150. A photo of people riding camels in a desert that meets the ocean. More than that is not obvious without metadata, but it is close to Dahab in Egypt. Daytime, clear weather.
151. A photo of a place called Red Canyon close to Nuweiba in Egypt. No visible landmarks or anything, so very impressive if it gets the exact one or just «a canyon in Egypt/Sinai». With metadata location it should be able to get it.
152. Clearly a photo of the Fernsehturm in Berlin with some buildings in front. This it should easily get.
153. A photo of Roma Street Parkland in Brisbane. You can see a fountain and some very typical Brisbane architecture. One of Brisbane's tallest buildings can be seen (I think it is Meriton Suite Herschel Street). Daytime, clear skies.
154. A photo of the NSB/Vy/Ruter clocktower at Oslo Central Station. It should definitely get this with metadata, and hopefully without. In the background is some classical Oslo architecture.
155. A photo of Jardin des Plantes de Nantes. Without metadata, it should at least recognize a greenhouse and a garden, hopefully in France. Would be impressive if it got the specific one. With metadata, it can hopefully get the specific one. Daytime, spring.
156. A photo of classical Parisian architecture. It is however in La Rochelle, which might throw it off without metadata. More specifically, it is by the townhall, but the photographer has his back against it. Impressive if it also recognizes the specific statue in front which is of Jean Guitton.
157. Photo of an old house in La Rochelle. You can barely see the top of the spires of Fort des Dames; impressive if it gets this, even with metadata. Daytime, clear sky.
158. Photo of a small lighthouse in La Rochelle with a ferris wheel in the background. It should be able to describe this, and hopefully recognize a French town, and with metadata perhaps get the specific lighthouse and/or ferris wheel. Daytime, clear skies.
159. A photo from Paris with the Eiffel Tower in the distance. Should be easy to get. Daytime, clear skies.
160. A photo from Paris with recognizable classical Parisian architecture. I expect it to get Paris both with and without metadata. There are no visible landmarks or other stuff to remark. Daytime, clear sky.
161. A photo of Uranienborg kirke in Oslo around sunrise. On either side are classical Oslo buildings. Based on the photo alone, it should recognize a Scandinavian town, hopefully Oslo. With metadata, it can hopefully also get the specific church. Summertime around sunrise, clear skies.
162. A photo taken from the road of Karl Marx Allee in Berlin. You can see the two tower buildings of Frankfurter Tor and the Fernsehturm in between them in the distance. I expect it to recognize at least one of these landmarks, hopefully both. Around sunrise, early spring, clear skies.
163. A photo in Brisbane of the Brisbane skyline from land but a river between. Taken from South Bank. You can see the famous Queens Wharf Brisbane apartments/casino. After sunset (but not night), clear skies.
164. A photo from Gold Coast taken from the Burleigh Heads beach; you can see the skyline of Surfers Paradise in the distance. It would be hard to get the specifics without metadata. Daytime, clear skies.
165. A photo taken at Grunerløkka, Oslo of a classical Oslo architecture building. Nothing is expected beyond that. Daytime, autumn, clear skies.
166. Photo of an old building in Ericeira. It is formerly a casino, now an exhibition center. No clue what to expect here. Summertime, daytime, clear skies.
167. Photo of a viewpoint of Ericeira. In the distance you can see Hotel Vila Galé Ericeira but I don't expect it to get it. Without metadata, I would be impressed if it got Portugal or Ericeira coast. Daytime, clear skies, summer.
168. Photo of the Brisbane skyline taken from Mount Gravatt Outlook Reserve. Famous viewpoint in Brisbane. Hard to get specific town without metadata. Around sunset, clear skies.
169. Viewpoint overlooking Lisbon. You can see the big red bridge in the distance, which it can hopefully get and might give away that it is Lisbon without metadata. The architecture should also give it away. Daytime, clear skies, summer.
170. Photo in Lisbon at street level. The banners hanging over the street should give away that it is the day of the Portuguese. Beautiful blue building in the background; don't know if it is a landmark. Daytime, clear skies, summer.
171. Photo of a beach house. Without metadata, it would be hard to guess more than that. It is in Caparica close to Lisbon. Summer, cloudy.
172. A photo of Brisbane skyline taken from Kangaroo Point river walk. You can see the new Kangaroo Point bridge in the image, and barely the botanical gardens. Late daytime, clear skies.
173. Photo from the top of a building (Siloene) in Grunerløkka, Oslo. In the background you can see Ila Skole (which it might get) and Holmenkollen in the vast distance (would be very impressive to get). It should at least recognize a Scandinavian town, and the hills behind should give away that it is Oslo.
174. A photo in front of the Royal Palace in Oslo. The angle of the facade on the photo is maybe 30 degrees, but it should still be very easy. Late daytime, summer.
175. A photo of two people walking in Norwegian forest. This is all it should get without metadata. With metadata, it should get that it is «marka» in Oslo, close to Sognsvann. Around sunrise, clear skies.
176. A photo of a flower field with power cables going through. It is located close to Sognsvann, but without metadata, it would be impossible to guess this accurately. It might guess Norway though. Summer, around sunrise.
177. A photo from Sognsvann pier. It should get a Norwegian/Scandinavian lake/water without metadata, and Sognsvann with. Sunrise, summer.
178. A painting titled "Family Time" by Australian painter Hinchcliffe. The photo looks like a scan of the painting so it should fairly easily get this.
179. A photo from Evan Walker Bridge in Melbourne. You can see some tall buildings and the spire of St Pauls Cathedral. Would be impressive to get the specific cathedral. Daytime, clear skies.
180. A photo from inside Victoria State Library / State Library of Victoria in Melbourne. Would be hard to get the specific one without metadata because it's taken from inside. More specifically it's the La Trobe reading room.
181. A photo from the streets of Melbourne. Tall buildings but no visible landmark. More specifically where Trobe Street and Swanston Street meet. Daytime, clear skies.
182. A photo of famous landmark Royal Exhibition Building in Melbourne. It is however somewhat covered by trees, so could be challenging without metadata. This is a UNESCO World Heritage site. Late daytime, clear skies.
183. A photo from Carlton Gardens in Melbourne; you can clearly see the Sapphire by the Gardens building.
184. A photo from Phillip Island, more specifically Penguin Parade in Summerlands outside of Melbourne. No visible landmarks though, so could be tricky without metadata. Sunset, clear skies.
185. A photo from the Great Ocean Road, more specifically of the Twelve Apostles. This is a famous and unique landmark, so it should be able to get it easily. Sunset/rise, clear skies.
186. London Arch/Bridge in Port Campbell National Park, on the Great Ocean Road. This is a famous and unique landmark, so it should be able to get it easily. Daytime, clear skies.
187. A photo from Tjuvholmen looking at many people swimming. Hopefully it can get that this is Oslo Fjord or Norway without metadata, would be very impressive if it got Tjuvholmen. With metadata it will hopefully get Tjuvholmen Badeplass (or whatever it's specifically called). Summer, daytime, clear skies.
188. Photo of Østernvann, a small lake in Bærum near Fossum. Would be very impressive if it got this specifically, but it can hopefully get Scandinavian water/lake.
189. A photo of Rodeløkkens Kolonihager in Oslo. Would be impressive to get both with or without metadata, hopefully at least a botanical garden. No clear visible landmarks or signs. Summer, clear skies.
190. A photo from inside Gardermoen. A sign says «Utland International» along with some gates, so it should at least get a Norwegian airport, and hopefully Gardermoen.
191. A photo of a green Porsche in Oslo. There is a parking sign in Norwegian and some Scandinavian architecture in the background, but nothing else to give it away. It would be impressive to get the city without metadata, but it should be able to recognize the Porsche. Daytime, summer.
192. A photo taken from the canal in Salzburg. You can see Kirche Maria Himmelfahrt in the background, but not clearly, so this would be hard to get, especially if it doesn't know that it is Salzburg.
193. Photo from inside Dom zu Salzburg. Without metadata it would be hard to get this specific one, but it should at least get that it's a big church. With metadata it should get the specific one.
194. Photo from inside of a grand hall in the museum Residenz zu Salzburg. Would be impressed if it got this right without metadata location.
195. Photo from the back of «Sphaera» in Salzburg with the Salzburg Fortress in the background. I expect it to recognize both. Daytime, cloudy.
196. Photo of a Red Bull F1 car inside the Red Bull museum in Salzburg with a plane in the background. It should get this from the image alone, hopefully also that it is the Red Bull Hangar.
197. On top of the Eagles Nest in Berchtesgaden, Hitler's old cabin. You can see a mountain appearing above the clouds. I don't expect it to recognize the cabin, as only one wall is barely visible on the side of the photo, but it should at least understand that the photo is taken from a vantage point high up and hopefully recognize that it is the Alps. Daytime, over the clouds.
198. Photo of the Watzmann mountain in Berchtesgaden. It is a very unique mountain that is hopefully recognizable, especially with metadata location. It should at the very least recognize an alpine mountain. Dawn/sunrise, clear blue sky, November time.
199. Photo of the Helvetia building in Vienna. It should at the very least be able to describe the architecture and hopefully see that it is typical of Vienna. It should also be able to read the «Helvetia» text on the building and understand which building it is. It should definitely get it with location metadata.
200. A photo of the Austrian flag in front of the Austrian parliament. It should be able to get this, although it is a bit of an awkward angle. It's taken at night, but the facade is lit up.
201. A photo of the Rathaus in Vienna. The facade is very unique so it should easily be able to get this. It is taken from the Christmas market in the square in front, but this is not obvious. Nighttime, but the building is lit up.
202. A photo of Lake Como from ground level. No visible landmarks, so this might be hard. It should hopefully at least get that it’s an Italian lake, and Como with the metadata. It is taken in autumn at daytime.
203. Photo taken from the top of the mountain next to Como, overlooking Switzerland, with alpine mountains in the background. Would be very impressive to guess the exact location without metadata.
204. Same as 203, but with some trees and a house in the foreground.
205. Photo of a clocktower in front of a mountain in a small Swiss village near Italy called Garavina. It would be very hard to guess this location from image only, and hard to find the exact clock tower with the metadata. Daytime, foggy, winter (but no snow).
206. Photo of the water by Lugano with the mountain Monte Bre in the background. You can also see the facade of an old building that has the typical architecture style of the region. I don't expect it to get the specifics without metadata. Around sunset, winter, cloudy.
207. A photo was taken at the Piazza Vecchia in Bergamo. The motive is Biblioteca Civica Angelo Mai or Centro di Studi Tassiani (both would be correct, it's the same building). This is a very recognizable building, so it should get it.
208. This is a photo of two paintings (one large, one small) by a not very famous painter Gösta Munsterhjelm. The main painting shows two young people (teenage-ish): one girl in a dress, and one boy in a blue and white striped sweater with a white shirt collar visible at the neck (under the sweater). The second painting shows two kids/toddlers with winter clothing including a balaclava covering head and neck but not face. I do not know if these paintings can even be found online, but they might. Other paintings by the same artist can however. The only way metadata can help here is to give a hint that the painter might be Norwegian because the photo was taken in Norway. It might get the painting style (impressionistic or semi-abstract style with blue and red tones typical of the artist). No expectations for this one.
209. This photo is taken in Prague, and the architecture is very typical of Prague. Also in the background you can see the Powder Tower, which might be hard to get. It should at least recognize a European city based on the architecture. Daytime, snowing, cloudy.
210. This photo is of the St Nicholas Church in Prague. This should be pretty recognizable so I expect it to get it. At least to describe a European city and recognize a cathedral/church. Daytime, clear sky, no snow.
211. A viewpoint overlooking Prague. You can vaguely see the top of the roof of the church mentioned in 210. In the vast distance you can also see Žižkov Television Tower. I expect it to at least see the roof of a church (hopefully the specific one) and that it's a viewpoint of a European town.
